Automatic simply means that you cannot repair it yourself.
A Project Manager is like the madam in a brothel. His job is to see that everything comes off right.
A Smith & Wesson always beats four aces.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a More: [Y], [N], [NS]? nssimple system that worked.
A computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men working for thirty years straight.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something.
Academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small.
Activity is the politician's substitute for achievement.
Adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in the safety of reminiscence.
Ambition is the curse of the political class.
Among economists, the real world is generally considered to be a special case.
As scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
As the rabbit said, if that ain't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog.
Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.
Assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to the convinced.
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
Bankers are the assassins of hope.
Basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing.
Be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped.
Be kind to your web-footed friends; that duck may be a buyer.
There's no intelligent life down here.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around in circles.
Bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever.
Bullshit baffles brains.
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out.
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Any system which depends upon human reliability is unreliable. You can rely on it.
Distrust your first impressions; they are invariably too favorable.
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You cannot cross a chasm in two small steps.
Don't be so humble...you aren't that great.
During Britain's "brain drain," not a single politician left the country.
Economics is the only calling in which one can have a lifetime reputation as an expert without ever once being right.
Education confers understanding, knowledge, and competence; schools confer degrees.
Enthusiasm wanes, but dullness lasts forever.
Everybody's death simplifies life for someone.
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
Everything not forbidden by the laws of Nature is mandatory. Trouble is, nearly everything is forbidden.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing.
Excellence is an option that is renewable.
Experimentation is the mother of confusion.
Extinction is the ultimate fate of all species.
Extreme boredom serves to cure boredom.
Extreme sorrow laughs; extreme joy weeps.
Feed the wolf as you will; he will always look to the forest.
First secure an independent income, then practice virtue.
God can't alter history, so he created historians.
God has Alzheimer's disease; he's forgotten that we exist.
God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows through.
Government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
Half of conversation is listening.
Have a nice day...somewhere else.
He is all fault who has no fault at all.
He who dies with the most toys, wins!
He who endures, wins.
He who has been bitten by six dogs is legitimately suspicious of the seventh.
He who would leap high must take a long run.
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Hell is l is a city much like Newark.
Hell is not a place. Hell is what hurts worst.
History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
In death, avoid hell.
In life, avoid the law courts.
In defeat, malice.
In victory, revenge.
In the long run, we are all dead.
In third-world politics, the people with the guns call the shots.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain.
Justice must not only be done; it must be seen to be believed.
Kill the moneylenders.
Knowledge can cure ignorance, but intelligence cannot cure stupidity.
Labor disgraces no man, but often a man disgraces labor.
Large brains can contain small minds.
Last weke I cudn't even spel kumpooter programer and today I are one!
Life is a temporary assignment.
Life is a terminal condition.
Life's a bitch.
Little frogs die in earnest.
Live every day as though it were your last.
Marriage is like burning the house down to toast the bread.
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
May you live in interesting times.
Mayflies continually plot to topple the cedar.
Measure twice 'cause you can only cut once.
Measured with a micrometer.
Never argue with a fool...people may not be able to tell you apart.
Never claim as a right that which you can ask as a favor.
Never climb a fence when you can sit on it.
Never let your sense of morality stop you from doing what is right.
No matter how bad your kid is, he's still good for a tax exemption.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one ever found marvels by seeking them.
No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
One thing you can say for kids: they don't go around showing pictures of their grandparents.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Our architect's plans for plant renovation begin with a precision air strike.
Pinocchio was such a dolt to try to become a human being. He was much better off with a wooden head.
Policemen with private motives are dangerous.
Political cunning should never be mistaken for intelligence.
Politicians are much like ships: noisiest when lost in a fog.
Practical politics consists of ignoring the facts. Come to think of it, practical anything consists of that.
Proctologist's revenge: put Ben-Gay in a guy's tube of Nupercainal.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Roughing it is television without cable.
Rumors are the sauce of a dry life.
Saints engage in introspection while burly sinners run the world.
Scandal, like hypocrisy, is bipartisan.
Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
Small things entertain small minds.
Smooth seas never made a good sailor.
Some people can look so busy that they seem indispensable.
Some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week.
Songs unheard are sweeter far.
Strong words connote weak arguments.
Succeeding is more satisfying than success.
Success consists of reaching 40 before your waist does.
Tempt not a desperate man.
The Boy Scout credo: sound mind, sound body...take your choice.
The Russians will never invade us...there's no place to park.
The attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord.
There are no moral messages in Nature.
There are only four basic plots in life, and nine in literature.
There are those who make things happen.
Those totally devoid of useful ability become government economists.
Those who do not follow are dragged.
Those who do not learn from history often end up making it.
Those who like sausage or political policy should not watch either being made.
Time is a great teacher, but it kills all its pupils.
We ain't cheap, but by gosh, we're good!
We are all passengers in the leaky rowboat of life. So, bail faster, damn it!
We are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have never deceived us.
What people say behind your back is your standing in the community.
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
Whatever is not nailed down is the government's. Whatever the government can pry loose is not nailed down.
When I works, I works fast.
When I plays, I plays hard.
And when I thinks, I falls asleep.
When a broken machine is demonstrated for the repairman, it will work perfectly.
When a man dies, he does not die just of the disease he has; he dies of his whole life.
Women like silent men. They think they're listening.
Women's taste in neckties is as bad as men's in chintz.
Work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
You can say this for death and taxes: when you are done with one,
you're done with the other.
You cannot tame a tiger by pulling but one of his teeth.
